Clarifying (#7937)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-server/Backup-SPFarm.md

### -ConfigurationOnly
If set, the backup will contain configuration settings only (no data) for each of the objects to be backed up.

> In some cases that SharePoint estimates that it does not have sufficient space available, `-Force` parameter needs to be used in conjuntion to this parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases that SharePoint estimates that it does not have sufficient space available, `-Force` parameter needs to be used in conjunction with this parameter.
```
